The files are about some of my school projects within my Aerospace Engineering Degree if you are interested:

MMRTG: This project was for my Space Systems Design class. Our team's mission was to send a rover to Europa, Jupiter's moon, and attempt to find any sign of life in the form of biological cells on the moon's water sources. My contribution was to plan how the rover would make it to Jupiter in the first place. After extended research I decided on the MMRTG, multi-mission radioisotope thermoelectric generator, because it was efficient for the long disance plus it wasn't solar dependent. I learned that the path towards Jupiter consists of disances that are both energy intensive and don't have solar power as reliable source of energy. I wish I had my presentation still with me to demonstrate, but I did find this cool 3D Model I made on SolidWorks.

Monte-Carlo Analysis: This project was also for my Space Systems Design. For this project I simulated a Monte Carlo Analysis to determine the distance needed to approach Venus for a slingshot flyby maneuver to increase the spacecraft's final velocity.

Rocket TVC Actuators: This project was for my Rocket Design Class. For this project my team contribution was to determine what method was best for guiding the rocket as it is approaching orbit. I decided on TVFC, Thrust Vectoring Flight Control, because in my opinion gimbaling the whole engine seemed inefficient and complex compared to small actuators that could alter the yaw, pitch, and roll directions with its own small source of propellant. Again, I wished I would have kept my Powerpoint Presentation but I did find the 3D Model I made for the project. I am aware that actuators that big would be a wind drag nightmare for the rocket, the 3D model is more of a drastic representation because I figured that modeling a rocket with only small holes as TVFC wouldn't have been as informing for my presentation.
